[Think Stats Chapter 4 Exercise 2](http://greenteapress.com/thinkstats2/html/thinkstats2005.html#toc41) (a random distribution)

The random generator function np.random.random does indeed seems to produce random values.  (At least, random enough to pass the eyeball test; this doesn't preclude the function having pseudo-randomness that can only be detected statistically)

The CDF of 1000 values generated by random.random is a straight diagonal line going from the lower left to the upper right.  In other words: 10% of the values are higher than 10% of the rest of the distribution, 20% higher than 20%, etc.  This is what we would expect from randomness; since every value has an equal probability of getting chosen, there should be a linear relationship between a numberline of values and the % of the distribution they take up.

Similarly, the PMF of 1000 values generated by random.random is a rectangle of uniform height and width.  This is also what we would expect from a random distribution.  Since each value has an equal probability of being chosen, each x-axis value in the distribution should have the same y-axis proability in a PMF graph.

The code to generate the graphs is given below in python.  The module 'thinkstats2' is distributed with the github repository Think Stats 2 given at the link above

'''{python}
import numpy as np
import thinkstats2

randoms = np.random.random(size = 1000)

random_cdf = thinkstats2.Cdf(test)
random_pmf = thinkstats2.Pmf(test)

thinkstats2.thinkplot.Cdf(random_cdf)
thinkstats2.thinkplot.Pmf(random_pmf)
'''

